March 15
everything went very well we had no
bad to go down in national
your sign wrongly and warmly
boris is bad in the association
m
so I confided their common sense but doped
its form the net is evil and
as daniel as the fled who panic
worried about problems so mane howls
are put off that is their faith
but if it is much more than
death of those two days this slk duty
we do that he does is very often
to share good times
a good meal rigal monschau
I wish it next time this
board will have bcp by mid-March has done
strong breakthrough developments
is part of the advice one this is
maybe brought to an end
everything went well there is more than one
manages in the only field agrees to do
languish a lot of adherents which few
of effects not caught a big village on
is we are very numerous compared to
this commune is already in the years
it works very well it must be done
wrong and I'm counting on you
muller me and thank you for doing
a fake
that's fine with him adding the
next time teaching samana
vichy this is yes if yes I'm collapsed
on them
sees a little mountain and son
who really do we are two I feel
I'm going to fuck myself
with hello my future members
but first chopped and days and
hours a good thing
these reasons the first is that he has
did we do who made us meet
coffee or even cakes and no comes
Saturday when I did I live to test it
in Corsican guys who very closely in this
meaning
he stayed